boards: wiznet: Add support for w6100-evb-pico and w6100-evb-pico2 (#104394)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: boards/wiznet/w6100_evb_pico2/doc/index.rst

the same as Raspberry Pi Pico2 board but with additional Ethernet via W6100.
The USB bootloader allows the ability to flash without any adapter, in a
drag-and-drop manner. It is also possible to flash and debug the boards with
their SWD interface, using an external adapter.

Hardware
********

- Dual core Arm Cortex-M33 or Hazard3 processor running up to 150MHz
- 520KB on-chip SRAM
- 2MB on-board QSPI flash with XIP capabilities
- 26 GPIO pins
- 3 Analog inputs
- 2 UART peripherals
- 2 SPI controllers
- 2 I2C controllers
- 24 PWM channels
- USB 1.1 controller (host/device)
- 3 Programmable IO (PIO) blocks, 12 state machines total
- On-board LED
- 1 Watchdog timer peripheral
- 1 HSTX pheripheral
- Wiznet W6100 Ethernet MAC/PHY

Supported Features
==================

.. zephyr:board-supported-hw::

Pin Mapping
===========

The peripherals of the RP2350A SoC can be routed to various pins on the board.
The configuration of these routes can be modified through DTS. Please refer to
the datasheet to see the possible routings for each peripheral.

External pin mapping on the W6100_EVB_PICO2 is identical to the Raspberry Pi

> Pico2. Since GPIO 25 is routed to the on-board LED on, similar to the Raspberry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pico 2. Since GPIO 25 is routed to the on-board LED on, similar to the Raspberry
```
https://www.raspberrypi.com/products/raspberry-pi-pico-2/
